# Hack Kosice Marathon: TeamOrder
# Team
Protagonists

# Team members
<ul>
  <li>Szymon Stawski - Silesian University of Technology</li>
  <li>Krystian Rozwag - Silesian University of Technology</li>
</ul>

# Description
TeamOrder is an app which helps small, medium and big teams manage their lunches. Weekly lunch schedule is generated by team leader. It helps to decide which restaurant order from. PrivCodes are managed in the dashboard by team leaders to eliminate the need of logging every time somebody wants to order something. All you need is to paste your Private Code and have it confirmed by the team leader. TeamOrder is also an app which takes care about clients health. We filter the dishes by one’s allergies and preferences. Team leader is a person who always submits the whole order for the team so we eliminate the problem of choosing a person to place an order. Team leader has also a view on who has placed an order and who didn’t, so when everyone is ready, that’s the perfect time to place the order. The main goal of our solution is to simplify ordering food process in companies of each size in order to let workers focus on their tasks and have their favourite food guaranteed.

# Prototype
The prototype of TeamOrder is simple - fully secure app with as little of logging process as possible. We are trying to minimize wasting of time on resetting passwords, signing up etc.

#### Main implemented features:

Private Code (also PrivCode) - Auto generated code [TeamName#XXXXX] instead of an account to order food from TeamOrder app.

TeamCode + managing account + dashboard - Features for managing teams(PrivCodes within team, schedules, orders), managing account is called “Team Leader account”, team can be managed via dedicated dashboard.

Simple “First time here panel” - Simple and clear site where you can choose your preferences, allergies and eventually generate your PrivCode.

SafeDishes algorithm - A piece of code which takes into consideration one’s allergies and diet preferences when proposing specific dishes (We’d like to improve our algorithm and widen the spectrum of diets and possible allergies in the future to take care of everyone's comfort and safety).


#### TODO features:

Automate process of placing orders and making predictions of dishes to order and time to order for the whole team.

Widen spectrum of diets and possible allergies in the future to take care of everyone's comfort and safety.

Integrations with popular food delivery services like Uber Eats and/or restaurants.

Make an option of workers benefit - monthly personal budget for food and beverages.

# How to try
Online live web app prototype here: http://teamorder.tech/
<ol>
  <li>Go to Team Leader Section and on the login screen tap register to create team.</li>
  <li>2.After team leader registered team, workers can generate their PrivCodes in “I am First Time here”</li>
  <li>3. After generating PriveCodes, team leader has to confirm your participation in the team.</li>
  <li>4. Workers can place orders eventually.</li>
</ol>

# Presentation
Demo Video: https://youtu.be/jpoaHfh1ydE

# Challenges and accomplishments
“As a “backend and DB guy” in this project my greatest accomplishment is creation of efficient server. I have learnt a lot about integrating Flask server with mongoDB. Greatest challenge for me was managing the project with Krystian, however I think we have overcome this difficulties well, our duo is better thanks to this project”
                                    ~Szymon


“With some experience as a front-end developer, I think that I have created a simple layout to order food. In the future I would like to implement Machine Learning algorithms in the app. Developing a TeamOrder app was a real challenge for me and Szymon to provide a well developed application. And I think we did a great job.”
                                    ~Krystian

# Next steps
1.Perform bug fixes.
2.Widen spectrum of diet preferences and allergies.
3.Set up app on VM/Container with better specs.
4.Predictions of dishes to order and time to order for the whole team. 
5.Integartions with delivery services and restaurants.

# License
This repository includes an unlicense statement.
